B07193JRJR:	

I placed my order on December 19th and was under the impression it would arrive on the 22nd as this was going to be a gift. It finally arrived today,but unfortunately it is not what I expected. The front looks like it was sanded over as you can see in the HP logo, it has a rough texture throughout the laptop. The keyboard has a red tint all over more noticeable on the on-off key. There is a lot of uneven keys and scratching. The back is dirty and worned, well the entire laptop is. Needless to say I will be returning the item. I have purchased refurbished items in the past, but they have never looked this way. Please save yourself sometime and don¡¦t order from this seller.

I just received this laptop today and I'm returning it today. I've bought "certified refurbished" items before and had a good experience, but this was terrible. This laptop looked like it had been used by a child or teenager. It had magic marker spots all over the cover. The outer casing was filthy and chipped in multiple places. Overall it just looked terrible. Also, the model I received was not the model in the picture. None of the ports were the same as pictured and the color was completely different. This was clearly an older model, not the one pictured. Please don't make the same mistake I did, heed the warnings in the negative reviews. Amazon shipping was right on time and packaged nicely, as usual. Everything else about the product was not as advertised.
I knew I was purchasing a refurbished Chromebook, but the condition was horrible. The screen was separated from the computer. The back looked burned or damaged in a fire. It was dirty and serial numbers were scratched off. Overall, I would not purchase from this vendor again.

Right out of box it's fast, reliable, temperature stays cool, excellent battery life, does everything I need it to do with blinding speed. The heaviest processor use I do is skype or watching videos online, but it does all of these with ease. Great laptop for the price.
=> 

Received and returned same day. The serial number seemed to be scratched off because it left a groove mark and then stuck on with a sticker. It was dirty. Still had fingerprints on it. It croaked when I opened the screen because it had a crack in the corner. Multiple scrape marks. Not worth the money so I returned and purchased it new for just $58 more.
This refurbished product has some "bad actors" who are selling D-Grade and Dead on Arrival junk out there, and they do need identified and snuffed out. If folks start listing the seller that sold the Chromebook (Hint: it's NOT Amazon. This is a marketplace sale, it's somebody else.) then maybe they can lose sales and folks will be happier.So, here's a start: don't click on "Add to Cart", but instead click on "See all purchasing options" and pick a vendor other than the cheapest price. For example, the one I got from DIGJUNGLE. It's a good refurb. New screen, reconditioned battery, and the case is in great shape. It's not brand new quality, but NO REFURBISHED product really is. The case on this one has been cleaned very well, and still has some greased fingerprints and pen marks. But I expect that from a used device.It started right up and the Chrome logo was the first thing I saw. This device was "powerwashed" before shipped, so when it was turned on it was the 'New User Experience' asking for a Wi-Fi network and user account login. I checked all the ports for connection and they all worked. Headset jack is also in good shape. The file manager shows no files left on the device when checked. Photos included will back me up on these findings.In short, if you do get a bad machine, post an appropriate review. Please, let's kick the rocks out of here. And you do have my sympathies, the restock fee should not apply to a DOA device or something that looks like it was ran over or left at the bottom of a quarry for three years, but that's between the reseller and the customer, unfortunately. Amazon is a middle man, all they can do is impact the seller from doing business on here again, since it's tarnishing their brand every time this happens. (eBay is falling apart for the same tactics, unfortunately.)But the ones who do good work should keep on selling. If you get a good machine, list the seller in the review so folks who are doing their homework can pick them and skip the machines rescued from a dumpster fire. I had a good experience from DIGJUNGLE. You might have a good one from someone who isn't selling at the cheapest price (go $20-30 higher than the cheapest if you can). But it's still a dice roll.
If I could give 0 stars, I would! I don¡¦t mind buying refurbished items but I do expect them to come as described. My laptop came completely trashed. I haven¡¦t even turned it on to see if it works because it looks like absolute junk and it supposed to be a business computer at the front desk that everyone will see. Unbelievable. Do NOT PURCHASE!
I order quite a few refurbished electronics, and normally they are as good as new. When I received this laptop it was filthy, and had multiple chips missing out of the case like it had been dropped. The bottom had a chunk taken out of it, and was yellow in color. I didn¡¦t even attempt to turn it on before sending it back. I had a higher expectation of a product that the description included ¡§certified to look and work like new¡¨.
I am very disappointed in this product it is supposed to be Amazon certified the computer screen was falling off upon arrival there were dents and scratches on the back and the computer was filthy with dirt. This gets no stars in my book.
We ordered two computers for our daughters for Christmas and they were in terrible shape. Several visible damages. The back was even a different color on one of the computers. Cracks on the keyboard and one would not even close! This was definitely false advertisement!
I was going to give one star, but it does work. It looks like it was pulled out of a dumpster. Discolored (some kind of pink stuff) and the edges looked burned. I read the description which said it would look new.....not at all. It looks older than my laptop which is 6 years old. Disappointed as it was a birthday gift for my son.
This is my first Chronebook. It is lightweight, nice screen and really fast. Takes a check with the tutorial on how to access all the programs as they are not installed on the hard drive.but online It is easy to learn and I now prefer it; it got me through my college finals! I recommend this laptop to anyone who is considering buying a reconditioned laptops; it- looks and acts new. Arrived in Box on date specified.
Product arrived on time and seems to work. The product description is way off base their description states it will ¡§look and work like new, with limited to no signs of wear. This is totally not true it was Well used and color worn off around all the edges and wasn¡¦t even cleaned, it was filthy. Like my mechanic had just worked on my car then worked on the computer.I had to take a magic eracer to it to get it to look a little better as I was giving it as a gift to my son. Very disappointed with the look.
Ordered this laptop and it came in like this, brown border around the top and bottom, what looks like hair/fur in the hinge, and sticky all over, returned it immediately did not even check to see if it turned on
How can Amazon advertise such poor quality item as Prime? Folks, take a look at all the reviews. The Chromebook case is badly worn and has a dirty appearance but unfortunately you can't wash off the dirt as its rubbed in so deeply. Mine was also missing rubber feet. I think Amazon is just reselling the same set of Chromebooks that keeps getting returned.
This was my first time buying refurbished. I received it within the two day shipping. It looks brand new. Everything works fine. The tutorial was very helpful on start up. Battery life is excellent. Charging to full power is very fast. I really like it. The only draw back I found was chromebooks can not download java programs which is why I needed a laptop. But other than that this was a great purchase. I really love everything about this laptop. My experience ordering this was very good.
I had some reservations about buying a refurbished Chromebook, but I need not have worried. Everything works perfectly, and it is nearly indistinguishable from a new product with only a few light scratches on the HP logo. Very pleased to get a 14" screen and 3 USB ports for the price of a new 11.6" with 2 ports. I also appreciated the prompt 2 day delivery and thorough protective packaging. If you're considering saving some hard-earned cash buying refurbished, I highly recommend the seller.
If I could give this a 0 Stars I would it came in a Shabby box which was fine but then when I took the computer out the screen was detached from the casing there scratches and even almost like a divit carvrd into the back pictures attached.
First time trying Chromebook, takes a little to get use to. It is very fast starting up. Could not find a lot of apps that I like though.
"tested and certified to look and work like new"NOT TRUE. When you return it, you have to pay for shipping! And a 15% "restocking fee". This is the kind of scam usually reserved for Ebay. My laptop came with bite marks. I'm not kidding. See photo...
I purchased a refurbished chrome book and it arrived with a physically damaged screen. There are multiple scratches over a 4 inch area of the in the center of the screen. When powered on, a thin white line is present on the left side of the screen. Item is dirty, was not cleaned prior to shipping. Very disappointed.
I bought the HP 14" diagonal SVA BrightView HD Chromebook because I have a 11.6' samsung chromebook, which is too small. This chromebook has a larger screen and it works better than the 11.6' one. I only use it too surf online and using the terminal for coding. The larger screen enables me too protect my eyesignt. THe condition is fine. I would gicew it a 5 stars.
The laptop was MORE than used it was scratch all over , a key was missing from the keyboard. It looked like someone pulled it out of the trash. I was so disappointed and to make things worse it was a Christmas present. How dare you even try to sell something so defective. Appalling! I gave one start JUST because I had to !
The Chromebook arrived in a damaged, opened box with no paperwork or invoice. I ordered the Chromebook in Silver. Instead, I received a very dirty white colored computer. I understand I ordered a refurbished computer, but I expected it to be in the color I ordered and not filthy.
i¡¦ve purchased referbished items serval times & have had a great experience. Got this laptop as a surprise for someone & right out of the box had issues! laptop turned on but has a VERY faint, dim look to the screen. We could not see anything. we read the paper that came along with it & it said to charge at least 5hrs before use. so we plugged it up over night & still absolutely no change. we¡¦ve already scheduled our return. i¡¦m HIGHLY disappointed in the quality of an item i paid a good amount for. certified referbished is an understatement here. i don¡¦t believe one bit that it had been tested or properly functioning prior to arrival at our home.
Very disappointed with the service and product quality. I received my order and the laptop was dirty, already turned on. And to make matters even better: The previous owner had not deleted her login information. First+last name. Picture and email address. So I¡¦m unable to even GET INTO THE COMPUTER. So how am I even suppose to use this???????!!!!!!!!!
Absolutely terrible refurbishment!!! It came filthy and covered in scratches/dents. Also did not turn on. Not sure how this even got certified but i would not suggest purchasing through them.
This item was in terrible condition was supposed to be white is dirt and in awful shape, very disappointed!!This was horrible!!! Was bought for Christmas gift!! Looks like it came out of dumpster!!
Just what I expected and wanted, a simple browser.
I didn't realize the difference between a laptop and a chromebook. Very disappointed In the chromebook. I feel that I wasted my money.
This was a GREAT product!! Especially for the price. I was just looking for something to get on the internet here and there, watch a couple videos and store a couple photos....this is perfect!!
It was beat up! And I had not researched what I was getting. Wanted a convert to touch screen also
If I could give it zero stars I would. I am returning the item. It came very dirty and overused. I understand it was a refurbished laptop but for the price it should look much cleaner. Very upset.
Not happy at all. The screen came off as I was opening the laptop. There were marks all over the screen that wouldn't wipe off. Had severe wear and tear marks all over the laptop as well as dirt on the bottom of the screen. The image shown is definitely not what I got.
I returned the Chromebook for a full refund because it was used not refurbished it was filthy and it it had numbers ground off of it.
this was for a friendit quit on hershe was told that it would cost $70 to repair
Garbage, refurb the worst I've ever seen. Returned 3 of them that were to be gifts.
Bought as a present and just found it never worked properly and is white screened. Also arrived filthy. Wish recipient would have told me sooner to return. Totally embarrassing.
Keeps shutting down for no reason. Am planning on returning.
I recently purchased this refurbished HP Chromebook and couldn't be happier. It arrived on schedule just as promised and looks and performs like new. You can't go wrong while saving hundreds of $$!!
I bought this chrome book for my daughter to do her homework. It is way better than I thought it would be. Super fast. Looks sleek. She loves it. Great product for a great price.
Great product so far. As an entrepreneur I'm always looking to save money yet invest in something that will help advance/increase my sales. Thanks HP for this perfect laptop.Also the sound is like having speakers in the house. Love it
i gave it as a gift so i have never used it..
This is honestly my favorite purchase. Don¡¦t really know what the rest of the complaints are about but everything on the computer was working and in very clean condition.
The description of this item was exactly what I received. I did see some of the horror stories online and was prepared for worst scenario, but this item surpassed my expectations. It might as well have been brand new. Does have minor quirks like keys sticking causing run on inputs. I am very happy with my purchase as a whole.
I bought it for my sister and she loves it. This is her first laptop. I wish it came in more colors.
This is used product. This fact should be up front in the description. My search filter was not set for used products.
Prompt delivery, everything was in order and exactly as advertised. Computer is easy to operate and extremely user friendly
I was happy with the product quality from this company. The computer I got was accurately described, and has performed very well, so far (bought it 3 weeks ago). Also felt that their customer service was good.
Great product, brought for middle schooler for homework, works perfect as he does all his homework online.
Not worth the price
Came in brand new in plastic with black clothe over the keyboard and plastic still on screen thought it be worse after reading the reviews above glad I waited to see it works perfectly fine and is a great laptop
Awful the item was badly damage
It's a good quality Chromebook for the price and i haven't had any problems with it.
You can see the past usage, my mouse pad stopped working briefly and now is working again. Other than that, I love my chromebook. Just wish I spent a little extra and bought a new one.
Refurbished laptop works excellently and if you can handle there being a couple of scratches that do not in any way impact the performance of the computer this is the perfect product!
Great Computer.
Love it love it love it love it love it love it love it I use it everyday I miss it now
The computer is pretty new to me. You can not tell it is a refurbo one. The configuration is good enough for daily use. And the price is incredible
Not a bad product for the pricing, runs fast, decent condition, set up like a cell phone, makea s it easier to operate
Purchased on January 11th and the product has burn mark in the back air vent as if a component burned out. What is the warranty?
Chrome book was delivered on 22 December as promised and in perfect working order. Recommend this vendor to anyone looking for similar items!
For a refurbished laptop it works wonderful! I love using it! I wish it was a little cheaper but I love it! It was shipped safe and in good condition
Total rip off. Item arrived like it was a 10 year old laptop and non working. Like something out of a pawn shop.
Very satisfied with this purchase. The machine works good, arrived on time and without issue. Would definitely use Blazing Prices again.
Got here in less than 2 days, and started right up. Excellent. Some cosmetic imperfections, but all in all great product!!
Arrive on time. Works great
item was delivered in horrible condition, thus it would make sense to spend $40 more for a new one.
A little more used than I expected and has a line across the screen.
fast chromebook , i'm really happy , but on this Chromebook you can't install google play!
Just received the HP Chromebook....I understand that it's a refurbished product, BUT for it to look as extremely used buy everyone in the world is very disappointing. I thought I was going to get a Chrome colored unit, but instead I received a dingy white one that's all scratched up and discolored! I didn't even want to turn it on! Once I turned it on, it seemed to work fine, but found out that it doesn't even have a "Caps Lock" button! Wow. Never again. DO NOT BUY FROM THESE PEOPLE!
Very bad shape used. And locked to someone else account. I throw it away
Very impressed with the quality for such a low price.
Computer has worked great and is in excellent shape! Thank you!
it's filthy, doesn't work without charger, mouse doesn't work at all
It was not too expensive. It¡¦s fast and lightweight. It¡¦s prime!
Received with a broken screen
In great working order. Performs as advertised.
I've had it 3 days and I am pretty disappointed. I bought a new one of these at best buy on sale and I was looking for another one at a better. Next time I'll wait for it to go on sale again, this is not worth the minimal savings.This morning it wouldn't turn on. I looked up the issue using. You phone and found a solution. Got it to work... But for how long?This looks like it has been through a battle. Top part is much whiter than bottom/keyboard part. Deep, visible scratches above the power button and escape on keyboard. Some of the back seems to have white out on it. There are random ink stains in colors like purple, white and pink on the back. Looks really used.
I bought it for my husband when his PC died. What a great alternative to a laptop. It is like a large version of the IPad. . It is easy to use , sets up in minutes and a printer can be used with it. It will be my purchase when my PC dies . It is half the price of a new computer,. I have already recommended it to a friend..
This didn¡¦t work within a month and we sent it in and have heard nothing!
It's great, got for my daugther for Xmas and she loves it
Everything works its good
DOA, won't even turn on!
Great product, no problems at all, will gladly deal with again. Thank You
I bought two of these chromebooks for Christmas present our two teen kids. Both products arrived dirty with many stains on the cover and highly scratched keyboard surface. I spent hours trying unsuccessfully to clean both products. The advertising listing and picture suggested it was silver metal surface but it was a white plastic coating that has many reports of stains. The notebook function and screen are fine so far but we had to spend $20 each on a new cover. Requested help from seller but only obtained an automatic response. After days of no response to our questions and concerns we were forced to get the covers.
Happy so far with the actual computer, but not happy with the appearance of the refirb. I know it is 'used' but I assume that when I pay $200 for something, it would be shipped clean and not scuffed up..... This is a gift and it looks like it's been threw the ringer- screen lines, dingy. Not pleased with this.
My daughter has been continually using this chromebook for her daily need during the past ten days. It has most features and priorities: ports, stability, simple handling, and great performance. It is a fairly powerful chromebook system. Everything feels very sturdy with a weight less than 4 pounds. It is also very well equipped with ports of HDMI, LAN, USB3.0/2.0, HD camera, bluetooth, etc. The wireless signal quality is very good.The touch of the keyboard is smooth and solid. The touchpad surface is conveniently easy to operate. The chromebook is quite most of time.Overall, it is a solid Chromebook which can be a very good alternative to a laptop. Thought certified refurbished, it looks and performs brand new ¡V a great buy.
Product page states that the product is tested to look and a work like new. I ordered 5 of these computers for all 5 of my kids and every single computer came very rough looking, lines on the screens from the keyboard, finish scratched off, peeling and dirty. I haven't even charged or turned them on and I'm already disappointed and contemplating sending them back.
had to return it. It had screen scratch defect, and looked very worn. Also a screw was in the box from the bottom. requested a refund
Looks new and is . Let¡¦s me down load apps to it and is great for school work and great price also
The notebook may work great, but Google's sudden shutdown of Supervised User parental controls 1/15/18 has left parents scrambling for 3rd party alternatives, not always successfully and certainly more work. Some parents have been returning their Chromebooks purchased over the holidays when the controls were still part of the Chromebook. You can look in the Google Chromebook-Central Help Forum for details on the service shutdown and a long list of angry parents.
Computers arrived damaged screens, burn marks, keyboards messed up. Refurbished my ass. Don't waste your time!
Hp was dirty I am ashamed to give it as a present ;( if she disapproves I will send it back didn¡¦t have time to try it out I hope it works I will post a pic tomorrow
Great product! Quick delivery.
